historie

du er en dedetive som skal finde ud af den mord case
ved hjælp af en simulator hvor du kan gå igennem aften hvor mordet skete.



it a cold winter day. it is 16 o clock december 12 you where at your deck as allways nothing really did happen at the office that offten. but that wasnt nesecerily bad since you had time to relax. you were not the most productive detectiv bu you were good. that everyone knew. you had solved many casses and where referd by som as a legend. but that was mostly overhype as you were not that good, you think.... the day draged on and at 17 you didnt want to sit at the office anymore so you decidet to take a walk plus you had noting to do so there where noting wrong right... i mean you really did have noting to do so no harm. as you walked around in the little city you live in. you liked to notice other people you know what they do how they talk. maybe thats why you where a good detective. but either way it is a bit of a creap behavior and that you cant argue. so as you walk around boarde out of your mind you notice a guy he was walking a bit what you would consider weird you couldnt put your finger on what is was maybe the way he looked around a bit nervoes or the way her walked so slowly or that the girl infront of him was looking afaide and maybe avoiding him.... you didnt know but you wanted to check out becuse if anything happen in the end you would probely get the report and all the paper work sinces at the office all the police didnt want to do so they alwaysed dumbed it all on you. it is a bit fucked up but you couldnt do noting about it so you just aceptet it. so now the least thing you could do is make sure no assult case or any other thing like that ended up on your deck. as i you walk over to the guy you grap his arm as you look at him calm but seriose. "hey are you ok man you look at bit nervous". the man looks at you a bit distant as you look into his eyes "ehh... no no... im good.. nothing is w-w-wrong" he say whit a calm all thoug nervios tone. i look at him juging his anwser as i turn to look at the girl how has noticed that i stoped the guy but didnt stop walking "oh no no i didnt walk after her i ehh.." the guy looks at me as he conected 2 and 2 thinking the same as me that he was a creap and followed her. "if you say so..2i let go of him arm as i look at him sceptik. he strted to walk away but stil in the dereaction of where the girl had walked a few mouments ago. i didnt stop him thinking that i had warnned him and given the girl a fair hed start to not be a problem and to be fiar it wasnt your job to take care of what people did your job was after if they did someting like murder then you where on to fine the person not som commen creap following a girl that maybe maybe not actully just where a mistak by you. i continue to walk around the city and at around 18:30 i get a call from one of the poilce officers that works at the station where i have office "ehh hello ######## emm you got a call and ehh you might want to come back to your deck quicly..." i think not much off it it probely just a joke noting to take seriouse. but on the other hand has he had someone mail a few death dreats to him as his work can make victems mad at him... maybe i should walk home to the office. a few minuts i return to the office and as i walk by a few of the police oficers the look at me like my mom just die or something i panic a bit as i turn up my walking tempo. i walk over to my deck as i a letter is laying on my deck as i open it there is a few picturs and a note but before i read the note i look at the picturs. my heart sinks it the girl.... lying dead... it looks to be a forest. why wait was it him the guy did he really kill her.. no he couldnt have he was to nervouse to pull that off and after i graped him and speciskly talked to him no no. i stnad up as i look around "when was this letter delvierd to me" i look around as i start to panic trying to finde a singel person that has some awnsers "WHEN WAS IT DELVIER TO ME" a officer walks up to me "at around 18:00" i look at the time my watch says it 18:38 "do we have any ideas where the body is guys come on you got this before me why havnet you done anything" i look around for anwser as one of the many officer in the room point at the note laying on my deck. i turn around to look at it as i open it and read it "hello Mr detective. as you can se on the lovly pictures i sent you i had a bit of fun whit this lovly ladytry to find her 


